capital = 2304
primary_culture = granadan
religion = catholic
government = presidential_dictatorship
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.1
civilized = yes
prestige = 1

set_country_flag = new_world_nation
set_country_flag = catholic_country

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties
minorities_reform = limited
immigration_policy = quota_immigration
conscription=two_year_draft
pollution=no_controls
child_labor = child_labor_legal
arts_endowment=no_endowment
education = elite
# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions

ruling_party = AAA_conservative_4
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 29
	conservative = 57
	reactionary = 14
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1

# Inventions

#Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 2
nonstate_consciousness = 0

oob = "PEU_oob.txt"