capital = 2411
primary_culture = amazonian_native
religion = animist
government = feudal_monarchy
plurality = 0.05
nationalvalue = nv_tradition
literacy = 0.17

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

# New Reforms
conscription = mandatory_service
debt_law = debtors_prisons
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = culture_voting_only
border_policy = closed_borders

set_country_flag = animist_country
set_country_flag = new_world_nation

# Level_2
# Technologies

# Inventions

# Unciv Reforms
admin_reform = yes_admin_reform

ruling_party = AAA_conservative_2
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 26
	conservative = 62
	reactionary = 12
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}
